# Draft 1

**NAMES IN ALL CAPS AND BOLD** are placeholder names.

## Chapter 6

On Day 6, Min wakes at dawn to prepare for the CIRQUE DU COSMIQUE entrance examination. She tiptoes out of Asoka's bunk to stretch, meditate, and warm up on the cool wooden floor of Asoka's living pod. She focuses on staying calm, and keeping her mind from drifting back to Tross's furious face the night before. What was so dangerous, so secret about that metal flower that he needed to be so violent with her, just for wanting it? Relax, Min tells herself, breathing deeply as she notices her heart rate rising and her throat squeezing. 

The space swimming facility hums with activity, as the CIRQUE DU COSMIQUE crew gather to watch the aspiring Undecideds. The first test: a race to collect as many SPACE BUBBLES as one could in 5 minutes. Second test: long-distance space swimming, 100 circuits around the GEMINI, in case of emergency evacuation from a traveling space vessel or remote space station. Third test: Group problem solving, in rotating groups of 3, then 5. 

As cadets wind down from the examination, a documentary about the history of space swimming plays in the space swimming facility. No one is really paying attention to it; everyone is eating the snacks and stretching and chatting as they look forward to FreeDay. Zalo and Jheri come to find Min. They are impressed that Min has taken all four crews examinations, and compliment her strong showing in this final and most physically demanding exam. 

"So," Jheri asks excitedly, "did you feel any strong connection, any spark like you hoped you would?" 

Min: "No. What if I failed everyWill I still be able to learn how to the use the LAM if I don't choose CYBERPHILIA? Will I get to know the results of the UNIVERSAL SCANNER miniturization experiments if I'm not part of INFRADESTRUCTORS crew?" Zalo and Jheri don't answer for a while, then exchange a look. Zalo starts, "Well, technically, no, but--" and Jheri cuts him off by saying, "Min, study your feelings closely. Maybe decide based on your highest exam score? You can't stay at ISE Corps without a home crew assignment, and you can only have one home crew."

Min is torn. She was hoping she wouldn't do well on at least one of the exams, so that she could use that to help make this decision. She runs into ADI, who congratulates her for earning an invitation from CIRQUE DU COSMIQUE. 

He asks her about her upcoming decision. Min finds herself telling ADI everything, from her father's activism and her desire to be a "jack of all space trades" to her head tatoo pain and the discoveries she had been making about the pills. ADI looks strangely pleased, and confesses that he's impressed by how quickly she's been able to coordinate so many of her fellow cadets, from across different crews. He then casually hands Min a note, saying, "If you're still torn about your choice by midnight tonight...they might be able to help."

Min waits to go to the toilet before looking at the note, which contains a cryptic message. Min spends the rest of the day decoding it, in the end recruiting Asoka and Rhee to help her. It's a location, and a passcode. Rhee thinks it's a bad idea, maybe a nasty prank, and doesn't want Min to go. Asoka insists that ADI would never be malicious, and besides she is terribly curious, and wants to go with Min to see what this is all about. Min decides she wants to at least know what sort of help is being offered, and decides to go. Rhee and Asoka insist on joining her, using IRI to camouflage their presence. Rhee also insists on assembling a makeshift chemical weapon, just in case.

When Min arrives at the secret location, she is greeted by two masked cadets, who coldly ask if she came alone. Min says yes, praying that they cannot detect Rhee and Asoka and IRI. The 2 masked cadets then scan her with POCKET SCANNERS and find Rhee, Asoka, and IRI. There is some confusion over the unexpected turn of events, as the situation turns into a standoff. Rhee uses her makeshift chem weapon, which reveals the masked cadets to be wearing some kind of personal protective force field. Asoka tries hand to hand combat but one of the masked cadets is able to subdue her with a sheathed sword. A mysterious ESYRUP DAEMON pools into existence out of the shadows to subdue IRI. The two masked cadets then turn on a SIGNAL SCRAMBLER BUBBLE and show Min the results of their POCKET UNIVERSAL SCANNERS: Min has a government tracer in her nervous system, one that harvests biomarker data from her strangely viable ESYRUP contamination and sends it to an untraceable location. Rhee, whose parents use similar, commercial scanners in their mortician work, confirms their diagnosis. The masked cadets tell Min that if she wants to stay at the ISS Corps, she needs to get the tracer removed. Min is appalled that her bio-data has been harvested for the last week without her permission, but she's scared - won't whoever put this in her come after her if they see that the tracer isn't sending sensible data anymore? Also, how could she trust masked strangers to perform this surgery on her? "Please," says one of the masked cadets, "trust us, you need to remove this tracer. It can collect stressful or suggestive mind states, save the parameters, and artificially re-trigger that mindset in you, even remotely."

Min is growing increasingly frightened, and the masked cadets increasingly frustrated. Finally, they come to a decision, and take off their masks - it's Jheri and Zalo. Jheri says, "Look, I'm the best at this kind of surgery, even if I'm not yet even a Journeyhume. Please let me take this tracer out of you." Min agrees, realising that she trusts these two deeply.
