# Chapter 1

Min is undergoing her medical clearance exam for the ISS Corps, at the hospital in New Orleans where she and her parents have been staying as refugees for the last year. Min is 17 years old, phenotype black(father)-asian(mother), career class "Mechanic"/"Mathematician"/"Artist". After a standard checkup, the nurse finds that her head tatoo was slightly contaminated with electrophoric syrup. It's not enough for it to self-assemble and gain emergent properties, and it's rather unusual that the e-syrup is still viable, given that Min got her head tatoo 5 years ago. The nurse gives Min a pill "to help label the e-syrup", then scans Min's head tatoo. He then gives Min some pills that will "neutralize the side effects of e-syrup contamination", then signs off on her health check. 

Min says goodbye to her parents, in the room where Min's mom is being treated for cancer. She was diagnosed just before a raging fire destroyed their neighborhood in Mississippi, forcing them to come to New Orleans. Min then walks out of the hospital, visits some other folks she needs to say goodbye to, then heads to the shuttle launch pad.

# Chapter 2

On board the shuttle to the geosynchronous ISS Corps station, she meets Asoca, a MONASTIC CULTIAN, and her Companion Ender ("It's a reference to a really old book my mum used to read to me as a bedtime story.") She's tall, elegant, alert, easygoing, and a little accident-prone even while moving like flowing water once the zero-gravity kicks in. Her oblivious antics aggravate Min, who is growing increasingly nauseous. Min finally snaps at Asoca then vomits everywhere, forgetting to use the barf bag. While Asoca helps Min, Asoca realises that similar things are happening to all of the "mod virgins" on the shuttle, the kids too poor to have e-syrup tatoos or piercings. Asoca sees a group of priviledged students making a game of mocking and kicking mod virgins, causing them to spin and get even more sick. Asoca expects an adult to show up and stop the chaos ("the shuttle is filling up with vomit!") but then she realises that no one is coming. She fiercely defends the mod virgins and vehemenetly scolds the bullies, especially fellow MONASTIC CULTIAN Rajue ("But that's not how a MONASTIC CULTIAN is supposed to act!"). 

The shuttle arrives at the ISS Corps station. Each crew stands at attention in rank to greet the newcomers. New students, or "muskies" ("because they smell like Earth!"), who have been placed in crews by the application algorithm are immediately filtered out and greeted by their home crew. The "undecideds", meaning the algorithm didn't have enough data to make a classification, are placed in the care of the head cadets of each crew (Zalo, Joni, and two others). The undecided muskies live in temporary housing during their first week and vie for favor with one of the home crews. Zalo is walking near Min as Marq leads the undecideds on a tour of the ISS Corps station. As they walk, Zalo and Min begin chatting, and find that they resonate on many topics and intellectual interests. They are so absorbed that they accidentally lose the rest of the group and walk in on Tross, an ISS Corps alum, working in the MENDELEEVERS crew workshop space. He is very secretive about what he's working on and politely but coldly asks them to leave. As they walk away, Zalo explains that Tross was a muskie the same year as Zalo, but Tross managed to graduate in one year, the only cadet in the history of the ISS Corps to do so. Now he's a Journeyhume Space Welder at Space University, in his second year. During his first year at Space University Tross was treated with incredibly high expectations, and the stress of meeting those expectations seems to have gotten to him a little -- he became more distant, cold, and started spending extended periods of time working on projects alone in the cadet workshop rather than the big fancy workshops at Space University. Zalo and Min manage to find the rest of the undecideds and rejoin the tour of the ISS Corps station. 

# Chapter 3

Min visits all of the home crews and gets to know many amazing cadets. She sees that Asoca is part of the CIRQUE DU COSMIQUE crew, but so is Raju(?). Min is torn and hates the idea of choosing. She gets to nearly the end of the week and is freaking out, what if she doesn't pick a crew?? She's gotten along with everyone and she loves the cross-disciplinary conversations and ideas for projects. She begs the head cadets for advice, saying that she would do anything to be able to choose all of the crews, and learn from all of them. Zalo and Joni exchange significant glances. As the other head cadets leave, Joni casually asks Min some questions. She decides Min is worthy, and she and Zalo introduce Min to the PROTO-VIRS, a secret society at the ISS Corps dedicated to conducting research on e-syrup, which was originally published open source but after the water crisis the formula was made proprietary and secret, and all research into it was monetized, weaponized. 

# Chapter 4

The first week of fun and awesome is over, and Min has to go to her first service crew shift. 

# this stuff past here is old and needs to be modified

# Chapter 4

Min is working a security shift at the front reception hatch of the ISS Corps station. While she sits, faced with hours of absolutely nothing happening, she reads a paper for her "Health and Well-Being in Space" course. Asoca appears, looking for Min in order to discuss their science exploration project, and realises that unlike many of the other students, Min has been working regular service crew shifts -- why? Min explains the terms of her scholarship, and how she will have to work for SPACE CONSORTIUM an extra 5-years at Journeyhume status upon graduation from university ("-hume" = gender neutral, can replace "-man" or "-woman"). Asoca is outraged. Min asks Asoca to leave so that Min can focus on reading. Asoca runs into Zalo and other cadets and rants to them about the ISS Corps scholarships. She tries to convince people to show solidarity and stand up against exploitation, oppression, corruption. People's reactions are lukewarm, and some even leave. Zalo sympathises with Asoca, explaining that he tried something similar when he first came to the ISS Corps. 

# Chapter 5

Min's been having strange dreams. She needs to run, she needs to hide, but why? The shadows seem to have familiar faces but they are terrifying. She finds Ender in her dream, who upon first sight floods her with relief, but then she realises that dream-Ender is tiny and cannot defend her from the shadowy beings. The shadowy beings swallow dream-Ender as she screams. Min is woken up by Asoca frantically shaking her shoulder. They had recently started sleeping together, and when Min explains her dream, Asoca is shocked -- this is one of her recurring nightmares. Asoca explains that her parents were once friends with some PROTO-VIRS that disagreed with her parents' vow of non-violence, and ended up sending Mechapets to kill Asoca's family. Ender was still quite small, and got badly injured while defending a young Asoca. Min shares how her family also suffered a Mechapet raid, because Min's father is an artist activist and Min's mother once worked on the ansible. They wonder how they could have dream-shared even though Min is a mod virgin. Min remembers the e-syrup contamination in her head tatoo, and how she was given pills to neutralise the side effects, but they make Min so terribly nauseous that she stopped taking them. She tried to discontinue her prescription but the pharma bot kept throwing an error, so she still gets pills delivered, but she just stores them because she doesn't know what to do with them. Min also realises that Companions can fight off Mechapets and wants to know -- how does she learn to build a Companion? Asoca clarifies -- one builds Mechapets, but one raises a Companion. Min would need to find a PROTO-VIRS willing to teach her how to create a Companion, but to do that Min would need to join the PROTO-VIRS cult, and to do that she needs to learn how to trick government Mood and Intelligence tests, which is highly illegal. 

# Chapter 6

Min has become obsessed with creating a Companion, and has stalked every PROTO-VIRS amongst the staff and faculty of the ISS Corps. She's having trouble convincing anyone to teach her, a non-birth-PROTO-VIRS, the illegal aspects of becoming a PROTO-VIRS, because until her training is complete and she is accepted as an full-fledged PROTO-VIRS, the government/SPACE CONSORTIUM won't change her classification to PROTO-VIRS. So technically, since the PROTO-VIRS methods to trick government tests are illegal, and handling e-syrup without PROTO-VIRS classification or a manufacturing license is illegal, everything Min wants to learn is illegal for her. She learns much of this from Tross when she finally tells him what she's up to during one of their space welding lessons. Tross wants to know why Min wants a Companion so badly ("It's just another way for people to hurt you"). Min says she needs the protection. Tross shows her his left leg, where a mangled piercing is fused to his knee. This is how it can go wrong, and Tross had to relearn how to walk without any e-syrup assistance, because that would have only exacerbated the problem. 
