# 'Museum as a Lab' diagram

A good place to start is this page on the Every Mind Online website, where I describe my arguments for why neuroscience research needs to come out of the lab and "into the wild": 

http://www.everymind.online/SurprisingMinds/Behavior-in-the-wild/

Another useful resource is my blog post on some "Theoretical Puzzle Pieces for Neuroscience": 

http://www.danbeekim.org/brainplay/2018-02-02-theoretical-puzzle-pieces/

What I want to convey with this diagram is a "template" for conducting rigorous, relevant, and replicable neuroscience research in museum-like spaces. Research ideal for a 'Museum as a Lab' environment sits somewhere in the middle of a spectrum that has, at one end, research ideal for the highly controlled, tightly regulated, and meticulously sterile traditional lab environment; and at the other end, research ideal for the fully contextualized, highly cross-disciplinary, and assumptions-challenging field research environment. 

Field Neuroscience research is necessary to observe and study phenomena in the real world, and provides the opportunity to develop [a feel for natural processes, a sense of scale, an eye for significant features, an ability to integrate fragmentary information of different types from different localities, to reason spatially, to visualize changes through time in neurological structures, and to analyze the quality and certainty of observational data supporting neuroscience theories (paraphrased and modified based on the linked article)](https://serc.carleton.edu/research_on_learning/synthesis/field.html). 

Traditional Neuroscience research in the lab is necessary to hone in on the intuitions and observations made "in the wild"; to unravel the details of implementation underlying natural phenomena observed in the wild; and to perturb natural processes in precise and controlled ways in order to understand the limits and edge cases of these phenomena. 

'Museum as a Lab' research sits in between these two. In practically all fields, this category of research can be a powerful tool to engage and inspire non-experts or non-specialists with cutting-edge research, in a way that makes clear the pressing questions of a research field and provides enough depth of information to not over-simplify the challenges and subtleties of that field. In Neuroscience, 'Museum as a Lab' research arguably serves a role that is just as crucial as "completely wild" Field Neuroscience and "completely controlled" Laboratory Neuroscience. 

Why is there a special relationship to Neuroscience? Because, if we take the definition of neuroscience to be the study of the nervous system, those engaged in neuroscience are studying the thing that they are using to study itself. In neuroscience, we are studying the thing that let's us study *anything* -- this is our version of [the measurement problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Measurement_problem). Basically, if there is a complex system that we are trying to observe or measure, but we are actually part of that complex system, we will never be able to take a precise measurement or observation, because our act of measuring or observing will change the state of the system. 

How does this apply to neuroscience? An individual neuroscientist is using a brain to study brains, and often neuroscientists talk about how our research reveals this or that about "the brain" - a phrase that implies a generalized, "canonical" nervous system, whose working principles can apply to any specific nervous system, be it mouse, rat, fly, worm, fish, cuttlefish, or human. But this way of talking leads to 2 problems. 

One is that in order to make claims about "the brain", we need to check those claims against observations and measurements made in as many brains as possible. However, given how we currently conduct laboratory neuroscience research, most of the claims made about "the brain" have only been empirically checked in one species, most often *Mus musculus* (mouse) or *Rattus norvegicus* (rat). Furthermore, because the vast majority of our most powerful laboratory neuroscience tools and techniques are invasive or fatal, we are currently unable to empirically check whether these claims made in the lab apply to human brains. 

The second problem is that, according to the measurement problem, no one brain can understand "the brain". With this paradox/perspective in mind, it becomes crucial to involve as many brains as possible in the study of brains, in the hopes that a superorganism of many nervous systems can "break out" of the now smaller complex system of one brain. Thus, it becomes paramount to progress in neuroscience that *everyone*, or as many people as possible, engage in neuroscience research. This is the essence of why neuroscience is a unique field of study, different from any other field of study we have created for ourselves in the past. As we are discovering, neuroscience seems to touch on, be relevant to, or be involved in almost every other subject -- try searching the internet for "the neuroscience of _____" and you'll find many results for almost anything you put in that blank. 